Add troubleshooting note about partial continuous aggregates (#3164)
timescale/docs: migrate/troubleshooting.md

The `tsdbadmin` database user is the most powerful available on Timescale, but it
is not a true superuser. Review your application for use of superuser privileged
operations and mitigate before migrating.

> 
> ## Migrating partial continuous aggregates (created before TimescaleDB 2.7)
> 
> TimescaleDB 2.7 introduced "finalized" continuous aggregates to improve
> performance and compatibility of continuous aggregates. These have now replaced
> the previous "partial" form of continuous aggregate. Partial form continuous
> aggregates cannot be migrated across PostgreSQL versions. If you have partial
> form continuous aggregates and intend to migrate across PostgreSQL versions,
> you must first [migrate] the continuous aggregates from partial to finalized
> form.
> 
> The following query returns true if you have partial continuous aggregates:
> 
> ```SQL
> SELECT exists (SELECT 1 FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates WHERE NOT finalized);
> ```
> 
> If you do happen to migrate partial continuous aggregates across PostgreSQL
> versions, the following error appears when the continuous aggregate is queried:
> `ERROR:  insufficient data left in message`.
> 
> [migrate]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Migrate partial continuous aggregates

In order to the improve performance and compatibility of continuous aggregates, 
[TimescaleDB v2.7][release-270] replaces _partial_ continuous aggregate with 
_finalized_ continuous aggregates.

If you have partial continuous aggregates in your database and intend to upgrade your
 PostgreSQL installation, you must first [migrate] from partial to finalized continuous
 aggregates. It is not possible to migrate partial continuous across PostgreSQL versions. 

To test your database for partial continuous aggregates, run the following query:

```SQL
SELECT exists (SELECT 1 FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates WHERE NOT finalized);
```

If you accidentally migrate partial continuous aggregates across PostgreSQL
versions, you see the following error when you query any continuous:

```
ERROR:  insufficient data left in message`.
```

[migrate]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/
[release-270]: /about/:currentVersion:/release-notes/past-releases/#270-2022-05-24

```

> 
> ## Migrating partial continuous aggregates (created before TimescaleDB 2.7)
> 
> TimescaleDB 2.7 introduced "finalized" continuous aggregates to improve
> performance and compatibility of continuous aggregates. These have now replaced
> the previous "partial" form of continuous aggregate. Partial form continuous
> aggregates cannot be migrated across PostgreSQL versions. If you have partial
> form continuous aggregates and intend to migrate across PostgreSQL versions,
> you must first [migrate] the continuous aggregates from partial to finalized
> form.
> 
> The following query returns true if you have partial continuous aggregates:
> 
> ```SQL
> SELECT exists (SELECT 1 FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates WHERE NOT finalized);
> ```
> 
> If you do happen to migrate partial continuous aggregates across PostgreSQL
> versions, the following error appears when the continuous aggregate is queried:
> `ERROR:  insufficient data left in message`.
> 
> [migrate]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Migrate partial continuous aggregates

In order to the improve performance and compatibility of continuous aggregates, 
[TimescaleDB v2.7][release-270] replaces _partial_ continuous aggregate with 
_finalized_ continuous aggregates.

If you have partial continuous aggregates in your database and intend to upgrade your
 PostgreSQL installation, you must first [migrate] from partial to finalized continuous
 aggregates. It is not possible to migrate partial continuous across PostgreSQL versions. 

To test your database for partial continuous aggregates, run the following query:

```SQL
SELECT exists (SELECT 1 FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates WHERE NOT finalized);
```

If you accidentally migrate partial continuous aggregates across PostgreSQL
versions, you see the following error when you query any continuous:

```
ERROR:  insufficient data left in message`.
```

[migrate]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/
[release-270]: /about/:currentVersion:/release-notes/past-releases/#270-2022-05-24

```

The `tsdbadmin` database user is the most powerful available on Timescale, but it
is not a true superuser. Review your application for use of superuser privileged
operations and mitigate before migrating.

## Migrate partial continuous aggregates

In order to improve the performance and compatibility of continuous aggregates, 

> [TimescaleDB v2.7][release-270] replaces _partial_ continuous aggregate with 

Author: ```suggestion
[TimescaleDB v2.7][release-270] replaces _partial_ continuous aggregates with 
```

_finalized_ continuous aggregates.

To test your database for partial continuous aggregates, run the following query:

```SQL
SELECT exists (SELECT 1 FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates WHERE NOT finalized);
```

> If you have partial continuous aggregates in your database, [convert them][migrate] 

Author: ```suggestion
If you have partial continuous aggregates in your database, [migrate them][migrate] 
```

> from partial to finalized continuous aggregates before you upgrade your PostgreSQL installation 

Author: ```suggestion
If you have partial continuous aggregates in your database, [convert them][migrate] 
from partial to finalized before you migrate your database.
```

If you accidentally migrate partial continuous aggregates across PostgreSQL
versions, you see the following error when you query any continuous aggregates:

```

> ERROR:  insufficient data left in message`.

Author: ```suggestion
ERROR:  insufficient data left in message.
```
